series-dd.d/two_button_buzz-b-i/doc/interrupts_uris_advice.md, before:

Wed  9 Feb 12:47:39 UTC 2022

Basically, the prevailing advice (atm, not all read of course) seems to imply that the human factor governs - interrupts on pushbuttons not normally a great idea.

Unlike, say, a rotary encoder, with much finer timings (presumed here in this write-up, anway) - the pushbutton switch needs to be carefully debounced for human factors.

And so, it appears is a good candidate for a polling style rather than an interrupt-driven style, of coding (at least for this one subsystem of a given program running on an Arduino IDE compatible target MCU).

No harm (of course) in ignoring all that and going ahead and trying to get interrupt-based pb debouncing (somewhat) functional. ;)


https://www.arduino.cc/reference/en/language/functions/external-interrupts/attachinterrupt/

Good general advice/write-up.

https://forum.arduino.cc/t/debouncing-a-switch-on-an-interrupt-pin/632166/6

https://playground.arduino.cc/Main/MsTimer2/

https://forum.arduino.cc/t/debouncing-an-interrupt-trigger/45110/15

in irons on this one, now. 9 Feb 2022 12:16 UTC


mild interest in this one:

https://arduino.stackexchange.com/questions/66761/debouncing-a-button-with-interrupt

nice diagram of events:

https://arduino.stackexchange.com/questions/17443/how-to-simulate-delay-to-debounce-mechanical-button-using-millis/18545#18545



END.

Commit message:

hardware debounce approach given single uri ref

series-dd.d/two_button_buzz-b-i/doc/interrupts_uris_advice.md, after:

Wed  9 Feb 12:47:39 UTC 2022

Basically, the prevailing advice (atm, not all read of course) seems to imply that the human factor governs - interrupts on pushbuttons not normally a great idea.

Unlike, say, a rotary encoder, with much finer timings (presumed here in this write-up, anway) - the pushbutton switch needs to be carefully debounced for human factors.

And so, it appears is a good candidate for a polling style rather than an interrupt-driven style, of coding (at least for this one subsystem of a given program running on an Arduino IDE compatible target MCU).

No harm (of course) in ignoring all that and going ahead and trying to get interrupt-based pb debouncing (somewhat) functional. ;)


https://www.arduino.cc/reference/en/language/functions/external-interrupts/attachinterrupt/

Good general advice/write-up.

https://forum.arduino.cc/t/debouncing-a-switch-on-an-interrupt-pin/632166/6

https://playground.arduino.cc/Main/MsTimer2/

https://forum.arduino.cc/t/debouncing-an-interrupt-trigger/45110/15

in irons on this one, now. 9 Feb 2022 12:16 UTC


mild interest in this one:

https://arduino.stackexchange.com/questions/66761/debouncing-a-button-with-interrupt

nice diagram of events:

https://arduino.stackexchange.com/questions/17443/how-to-simulate-delay-to-debounce-mechanical-button-using-millis/18545#18545

quite nice hardware debouncing discussion (not evaluted as such, though):

https://arduino.stackexchange.com/questions/34054/multiple-buttons-on-single-interrupt-how-to-debounce

END.
